Update README.md (#34)
RhinoHealth/user-resources: rhino-utils/README.md

4. `nvflare-docker-run.sh`: Run FL training with your code using, locally, using Docker.  Recommended: `--auto`. For more usage detail, see [Using the NVFlare Docker Run Script](#using-the-nvflare-docker-run-script).
5. `nvflare-docker-run-inference.sh`: Run inference with your code on a single dataset. For more usage detail, see [Using the Docker Push Script](#using-the-docker-push-script).
6. `run_inference.sh`: A utility Shell script used to help facilitate the `nvflare-docker-run-inference.sh` script

> 7. `upload-file-to-s3.sh`: A utility Shell script to make files available to FCP at run time, so they can be used at when running your code object without having to re-create it, making your code-object containers smaller, faster, and re-usable. See [this example](examples/rhino-sdk/runtime-external_files.ipynb) for how to use this utility in context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. `upload-file-to-s3.sh`: A utility Shell script to make files available to FCP via your workgroup's S3 bucket, so they can be used during run-time by your code object. This allows external files to be used by code objects without having to add them into the container image, making your code object containers smaller, faster, and more re-usable. See [this example](examples/rhino-sdk/runtime-external_files.ipynb) for how to use this utility in context.
```
